docs: clarify site url and redirect urls configuration (#39455)
supabase/supabase: apps/docs/content/guides/auth/general-configuration.mdx

- [Email Templates](/dashboard/project/_/auth/templates) to configure what emails your users receive.
- [Custom SMTP](/dashboard/project/_/auth/smtp) to configure how emails are sent.
- [Multi-Factor](/dashboard/project/_/auth/mfa) to require users to provide additional verification factors to authenticate.

> - [URL Configuration](/dashboard/project/_/auth/url-configuration) to configure site URL and redirect URLs for authentication. Read more [here](/docs/guides/auth/redirect-urls).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [URL Configuration](/dashboard/project/_/auth/url-configuration) to configure site URL and redirect URLs for authentication. Read more [in the redirect URLs documentation](/docs/guides/auth/redirect-urls).
```

Avoid "here" link text.
